Release monitoring outage (#147)
packit/status: content/issues/2024-07-02-release-monitoring.org-outage.md

---
title: "release-monitoring.org outage"
date: "2024-06-26T08:00:00+01:00"
resolved: false
affected:
  - Pull from upstream
section: issue
severity: disrupted
---

There is a New Hotness outage resulting in no Bugzillas about new releases being filed.
As a result, no Packit update dist-git pull requests will be created.

> There is a workaround: edit the release-monitoring project and click `Check latest release on submit`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a workaround: edit your release-monitoring.org project and tick the `Check latest release on submit` checkbox.
```
